Added Safety Stock User Manual (#217)
hotwax/oms-documentation: user-manuals/inventory/safety-stock/set-bulk-safety-stock.md

# Set Safety Stock in Bulk

The Bulk Safety Stock feature in the HotWax Commerce platform is a powerful tool that enhances users' ability to efficiently manage safety stock for multiple products across various facilities.

### Steps

1. Navigate to the `Hamburger Menu > PIM > Products` to open the View Products page.

> 2. Choose filters to select multiple products or search for the specific product for which you want to set up safety stock in multiple facilities.

Reviewer: "stock on all* facilities"
```suggestion
2. Choose filters to select multiple products or search for the specific product for which you want to set up safety stock on all facilities.
```
